[NARRATOR] Last time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Sick of his cohort's
incompetence,
Vegeta removed Nappa
from the battlefield...
Then, as the fight between
Goku and Vegeta began...
Goku quickly realized,
his only hope of matching his
opponent's unbelievable power,
was to push his
body to its limit.
Will it pay off?
Body, don't fail me now!
Kaio-ken times three!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"An All-Out Kamehame-Ha!
Vegeta's Terrible
Transformation!"
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU yells]
[GOKU screams]
Kaio-ken...
Times... Three!
[VEGETA gasps]
[VEGETA yells]
Whoa... Awesome...
[VEGETA] Take that!
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA screams]
[VEGETA]
Darn you...!
Wretched little...
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA groans and coughs]
[GOKU panting]
[VEGETA]
How is this happening?
[GOKU winces]
Crazy... Goku might just stand
a chance of winnin' after all!
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU groans]
[VEGETA groans]
[VEGETA] I refuse
to believe this!
It's not possible for Kakarot's
power level to exceed my own!
Are you kidding me?
Man, he's tough...
So much for trying to
settle this quickly.
[GOKU winces]
Just ignore the pain...
[VEGETA] I belong to the
upper echelon of the most elite
warrior class the
universe has ever seen!
I will not be bested!
Certainly not by some
low-born amateur like you!
I am the greatest
warrior who has ever lived!
[GOKU] Using the
Three-times Kaio-ken
really does a
number on my body...
I don't think
I can keep this up.
If this drags out for too
much longer, I'm done for.
[VEGETA] Blood...
My noble blood spilled
by the sheer luck
of such...such trash...
No, no, I will not
allow this to stand!
I cannot allow this to stand!
Your insolence just
cost you this world!
I'll blow it all to pieces
and there's nothing
you can do to stop me!
[VEGETA grutns]
He's gonna what?!
[VEGETA] Try to
dodge this, if you can...
You might manage
to save yourself,
but your precious
Earth is doomed!
He's got me...!
What can I do?
[VEGETA yells]
I've gotta risk it!
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU]
A Three-times Kaio-ken!
Kamehame-Ha!
Kaaaaaa...! Meeeeee...!
Haaaaaaa...!
[VEGETA] It's hopeless.
There's no way you
can stop my Gallic Gun!
Meeeee...!
Prepare to join this
filthy orb in oblivion!
[VEGETA yells]
Haaaaaaaaa!
[YAJIROBE yells]
Impossible...! His blast is
exactly like my Gallic Gun!
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA screams]
Kaio-ken... Times four!
Ahh...! No!
[VEGETA screams]
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU panting]
[YAJIROBE grunts]
What the hell?
Oh man... He...
He did it!
He actually did it! Ha Ha!
Goku, you
magnificent bastard...
Huh...?
Yajirobe, what in the world
are you doin' out here?
Well, uh... Someone had
to keep an eye on you.
Strong as you are,
you almost got your butt handed
to you a couple of times, huh?
[GOKU laughs]
I guess.
Yeah... But hey... way to launch
that alien dude into orbit.
I knew you'd come through
in the end... Nice one!
[GOKU screams]
What happened?
I barely touched you.
I may have pushed my
body a bit past its limit.
Well I guess I'm not surprised.
You were on fire...
Listen to me...
You gotta get out of here.
It's not safe yet...
What are you
talkin' about?
Uh...! You mean...
He's still out
there somewhere.
No way that was
all it's gonna take
to finish a
guy like that off.
Yeah, who cares...?
Let him come back if he wants.
I mean, you'll just blow
him away again, right?
Well... Not necessarily...
My body's pretty worn out.
That might have been
all I had in me...
You don't say, huh...
Uh, well, uh...
Oh, look at the time.
I've gotta go...
Don't worry, though;
I'll be here in spirit!
[VEGETA screams]
[VEGETA grunts]
No!
No low class bottom-feeder
can surpass me in strength!
It's unthinkable!
I am not just a Saiyan;
I am the culmination
of everything superior
in the Saiyan race!
As much as I hate
that's it come to this,
it seems I'm left
with no choice...
I'll transform to a Great Ape
and grind him to a pulp!
[VEGETA laughs]
We'll see how cocky
he is once he witnesses
the full extent of my power.
Fortunately,
I planned our arrival
to coincide
with the full moon,
but that was so
we could wipe out
the inhabitants of
this planet quickly.
I never imagined
I'd have to transform
to defeat a
single opponent...
Curse that Kakarot!
Wait a minute...
Where is the full moon?
I should be
able to see it now.
[KING KAI laughs]
[KING KAI]
Search all you want;
there won't be a
full moon out tonight.
Or ever again,
for that matter.
Piccolo suspected you'd
try something like this
and took steps to prevent
that from happening
long before you got there.
Still, even in his normal form,
that Saiyan is more
than a match for Goku...
But he has been weakened
by the battle...
If Goku can muster up the
strength for one all out attack;
he might still have a chance...
Wait! Of course!
The Spirit Bomb!
Hit him with the Spirit Bomb,
Goku, and you can't lose!
[GOKU] I don't like this.
What's he doing up there?
Why won't he
come down and fight?
[VEGETA] This can't
be happening! It's gone!
The stupid thing is gone!
How could an entire moon
just up and disappear?!
Bastard! The conniving little
weakling knew what I had in mind
and took care to stack
the odds in his favor
before the
fighting even began!
So be it!
What I'll have to do might
reduce my power level a bit,
but at this point,
it's the only way.
Ha! And I think
the look on his face
should more than
make up for it...
[VEGETA laughs]
It's about time
he came back down...
[GOKU] The only way to take him
now is with a Spirit Bomb...
I'm just wondering if I can
stay focused long enough...?
[VEGETA] Kakarot!
Rather clever of you...
blasting the moon
right out of the sky;
but I'm afraid it
was all for nothing!
What? Why would
I do that?!
[VEGETA laughs]
Fine. Go ahead
and play dumb...
But I'm curious...
Do you even know why it is,
we Saiyans transform
when we see a full moon?
Wait... We do what?
[VEGETA] The moon
appears lit only because
it reflects the
light of the sun...
But when the sunlight is
bounced from the lunar surface,
it causes a slight
shift in the wavelength,
creating what we Saiyans
know as a Blutz wave.
And when the moon is full,
their intensity is over
seventeen million zenoes.
Uh, I'm afraid
you lost me there...
[VEGETA] Once seventeen
million zenoes are absorbed
by the Saiyan retina,
our bodies respond to
a biochemical reaction
produced in the tail...
...and we transform.
Among the elite of our race,
there are those capable of
actually producing a satellite
with the emission of zenoes
necessary to effect the change.
And as luck would have it,
I am just such an elite.
Observe when my
power ball mixes with
the oxygen in this atmosphere!
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA] Sorry to have given
you false hope, Kakarot.
This nonsense should've
been over by now.
Let this be a lesson to all
low class punks like yourself
who dare challenge their
superiors on the battlefield!
[GOKU] When that power
ball thing of his appeared,
his energy dropped...
Why would he risk
a move like that?
What is he planning to do?
Heh, Ha!
[VEGETA yells]
He wha...?!
Burst open and mix!
[VEGETA grunts]
Wha... What is that?
What have you done?!
[KING KAI]
No, he didn't...
He... He did...!
He created a moon!
[VEGETA laughs]
[VEGETA] Boy, would that
long lost tail of yours
ever come in handy
right about now!
[VEGETA laughs]
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU gasps]
Oh Goku, it's all over now.
[VEGETA APE roars]
Huh...?
What the heck was that?
[VEGETA APE roars]
Hey... See that?
[GOHAN gasps]
Wait... It's hovering over where
we just came from, isn't it?
What the...?
It's so bright.
[VEGETA APE roars]
No... This isn't real!
[KRILLIN] Whoa...
Do you feel that power?
But that
could be good...
I mean it could be
Dad's power, right?
No... Sorry...
There's no mistakin' where
that energy's coming from.
It's crazy.
That guy's strength
is totally off the charts.
What's goin' on down there?
My... dad is...
Hey!
[GOHAN] I...
I have to go back.
Uhh...
He needs me.
But... He told us to...
He told us to
get outta there!
[GOHAN]
Look, I can't explain it,
but I just know that
Dad's in danger...
If I don't help him, something
terrible's gonna happen!
Oh, c'mon, man. Heh...
This is Goku we're
talkin' about here.
I mean the guy eats danger
for breakfast, right?
Besides, how could a
couple of runts like us
help out someone as
powerful as your dad?
Yeah... You're
probably right, but...
So what?!
I have to go back!
That's all there is to it!
[KRILLIN]
Hey, wait...!
Hold up! Wait for me!
[VEGETA APE roars]
[VEGETA APE laughs]
So, then...
What do you think?
Rather impressive, isn't it?
[VEGETA APE laughs]
What the heck's going on here?
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA APE roars]
So... He's like... like
some kinda ape monster?
[VEGETA APE roars]
[VEGETA APE laughs]
[VEGETA APE] How 'bout I let
you in on a little secret?
When I adopt the
form of a Great Ape,
my strength
increases tenfold!
[VEGETA APE roars]
[GRANDPA GOHAN] Now,
Goku, you know very well
the giant gorilla monster lurks
about during the full moon...
You have to stay
indoors tonight.
Sound asleep if you can...
[KAMI] Well...
Not to worry, my boy.
We can fix it so this
little nuisance of yours
never grows back.
I'll warn you,
it might sting a bit...
[GOKU] So that's why...
It all makes sense now.
[GOKU] But if...
if it's true...
If I really am
like this guy...
Then... The monster that stomped
my Grandpa Gohan to death
and smashed up the tournament
grounds all those years ago...
That... That was me,
wasn't it?!
[GOKU] I owe
it to you, Grandpa.
I owe it to you and everybody
else to take this guy down
no matter how strong he is;
even if it kills me...
And if I see you
in the next world,
I'll make it
a point of saying
I'm sorry for all the horrible
things I must've done...
[VEGETA APE roars]
Alright Vegeta...
Let's finish this!
I can't beat you when
you're in that form...
But maybe...
a Spirit Bomb can!
[GOHAN]
Dad, I'm coming!
[KRILLIN] Heh... Yeah Goku...
He's definitely your son.
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA APE grunts]
[GOKU] Huh...?
[VEGETA APE roars]
[GOKU yells]
[GOKU groans]
[VEGETA APE roars]
Ah...!
[VEGETA APE laughs]
[VEGETA APE roars]
K-Kaio-ken!
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA APE laughs]
[VEGETA APE]
Aw, what's the matter?
[VEGETA APE laughs]
Come on! Am I
too fast for you?!
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA APE roars]
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA APE laughs]
Oh come now, Kakarot...
You can do better than that.
[VEGETA APE laughs]
There's nothing I can do.
He's just too quick for me.
Big as he is, the guy
moves like a rabbit.
Not even a Kaio-ken
times five would work.
And with speed like that,
I don't have time
to make a Spirit Bomb!
Ha!
Too shy to make
your move, huh?
Well then,
guess I'll come to you!
[NARRATOR] The
situation is desperate.
Now that Vegeta has taken
the form of a Great Ape,
Goku's only hope
is the Spirit Bomb.
Can he buy himself
the time he needs?
[GOKU] Come on... I only
need ten lousy seconds!
Give me ten seconds
to concentrate!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey it's me, Goku!
Oh, man... I've gathered
enough energy from Earth
to make a Spirit Bomb,
but Vegeta's attack
was just too fast!
I don't know if
I'll be able to...
[VEGETA]
You should know by now
that it won't work...
not before I crush you
with my bare hands!
[GOHAN] Stop it! Put
my dad down right now!
[VEGETA] You little brat!
I'll teach you to
go after my tail!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
"Goku on the Ropes!
Pin Your Hopes on
the Spirit Bomb!"
[GOHAN]
I will defeat you!